-- Description --
A program that calculates the most efficient spell given certain amounts of AP, AD and CDR.

-- Instructions --
1. Make sure Python 2.7 is installed.
2. Run GUI.py. If it doesn't run, that means some libraries it uses aren't installed.

Here's a list of libraries used:
json
urllib2
Pillow
Tkinter
requests
StringIO



--Assumptions--
Many assumptions were made in the process of making this program.

1. A "spell" is assumed to be one that costs Mana or Energy (all other spells are disregarded)
2. Efficiency is calculated with a very simple equation that is not necessarily accurate: (Total damage / Cooldown)
3. Many factors that cannot necessarily be determined from the Riot API were ignored, such as damage over time, AOE, and CC's.
4. A spell is assumed to do damage if it contains a variable that has the word "damage" in it.
5. There were some special cases of spells which are handled separately, even though not all possible special cases are handled.
   See Spell Assumptions below.
6. Efficiency of a spell is calculated based on the spell's max rank.


--Spell Assumptions--
1. Since Teemo's R shrooms have a cooldown of 0.25 seconds, and do massive amounts of damage, they received a high efficiency score.
   However, only a few shrooms can be placed at once, and the recharge time is 22 seconds, so the cooldown was hard wired to 22 seconds.
2. Vi's E, although it holds 2 charges, requires 8 seconds to recharge, and that is what has been wired to the cooldown.
3. Kog'Maw's Living Artillery, having a very low cooldown but increasing mana cost per use with a specific recharge time,
   has its cooldown hard wired to its recharge time because the increasing mana costs would reduce its efficiency.
4. Karthus' Defile, as a toggle ability which requires a lot of mana, despite doing massive amounts of damage, has been hardwired
   a score of 0 since it's cooldown is almost 0 (since it's a toggle ability) , and it is not really a spell that is cast.
5. Soraka's W is assumed to do damage through the Riot API's perspective, even though it does not, so it has been given a score of
   0.
6. Xerath's Q (Arcanopulse) has received an additional cooldown of 3.0 seconds to account for the spell charge time before its release.


7. There are many more cases that I couldn't account for, since some of the data in the Riot API is inaccurate or does not provide
enough information.